=pod

=head1 NAME

Sub::Bypass - Replaces sub calls with the sub arguments

=head1 VERSION

version 0.001

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    package MySetup;
    use strictures 1;
    use Sub::Bypass;

    sub import {
        install_bypassed_sub scalar(caller), 'foo';
    }

    1;
    ...

    package MyUsing;
    use strictures 1;
    use MySetup;

    # foo() never gets called
    # $count is 4
    my @items = qw( a b c d );
    my $count = foo(do { @items });

    1;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module is B<EXPERIMENTAL>. If you're not sure what it's for, don't
touch it.

This module allows to install a subroutine that will be replaced with its
arguments.  This means that (assuming C<foo> is the bypassed sub)

    say foo(23);

is basically the same as

    say 23;

=head1 EXPORTS

=head2 install_bypassed_sub

    install_bypassed_sub($target_package, $sub_name);

Needs to be called during the compilation stage (typically inside of a
C<import> method).

=head1 CAVEATS

=over

=item *

I have no idea about perl's internals.

=item *

It's written using L<B::Generate> containing lots of hacks that I'm not sure
how or why they work or are necessary. It would probably be safer if it were
rewritten in XS by someone who knows what they're doing.

=item *

It messes up L<B::Deparse> (I think).

=item *

It uses L<Check::UnitCheck> to perform OP tree manipulation at C<CHECK> or
C<UNITCHECK> time. I have no idea if this makes sense in this context, or if
it might mess up environments like mod_perl.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<B>, L<B::Generate>, L<Check::UnitCheck>.

=head1 BUGS

Please report any bugs or feature requests to bug-sub-bypass@rt.cpan.org or through the web interface at:
 http://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Sub-Bypass

=head1 AUTHOR

Robert 'phaylon' Sedlacek <rs@474.at>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2011 by Robert 'phaylon' Sedlacek.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

